the new Corolla features an all-new
exterior design the new longer wheelbase
reduced overall height clean lines and
balanced proportions give the new
Corolla a more sophisticated and
contemporary look it's from design is
based on two key pillars a keen look
approach for clear intelligent and
expressive styling and under priority
design which on the new Corolla has a
more refined character for a more
prestigious appearance the chromed
horizontal trim bars of the slim upper
grille are extended into the headlamp
clusters continuing along the curve this
underlines the width of the vehicle and
the elegance of the design the new
headlamps now also incorporate four LED
daytime running lights in profile the
short front and rear overhangs combined
with the long wheelbase and the muscular
wheel arches underline the new carolla's
dynamic stance and elegant proportions
to the rear the crisp line of the boot
lip is underscored by wide new rear lamp
clusters connected by a chromed license
plate trim for a cleaner more
prestigious appearance
you
moving to the interior the all-new
design offers customers a significantly
more spacious and quiet cabin
environment its width is underlined by
the strong horizontality of the new
dashboard design the driving position
has been revised including lower seat
height and an extended seat height and
slide adjustment range all switch here
and instrumentation has been positioned
economically to maximize ease of use and
minimize driver distraction in keeping
with this audio and navigation system
controls have been located higher on the
center console the new steering wheel
incorporates a comprehensive array of
multifunctional switches for easier
operation of main functionalities the
new large driver's instrument binnacle
is ergonomically placed for improved
visibility a combination of soft touch
padding piano black finish and silver
trim detailing complemented by clear
blue lighting creates a premium quality
feel
the rear cabin now delivers a more
spacious and premium environment the
seats have been redesigned for greater
flexibility and comfort and the rear
knee room has been extended by 92
millimeters to a class-leading 706
millimeters the capacity and usability
of the new kuroda's comprehensive range
of storage spaces has also been improved
boot space has been increased and its
functionality improved through the
addition of an external opening switch
under the boot lip automatic opening via
the smart key and easier cleaner closing
through the addition of a handle mounted
on the underside of the boot lid
you